README.md, before:

# ReadMe-Generator
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Description

  Create a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package and node.js

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Demo Link
  
  https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MNXknR9DBtr2wSsyPgJ9h1-onAo4cjPl/view
  
  ## Screenshot
  
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/120414766/222623556-bb106e9f-6497-485d-a8c0-6c84d49d17c4.png)

  ## Installation

  Testing

  ## Usage

  Usage Testing

  ## License

  This project is license under the MIT license. Click [here](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more information.

  ## Contributing 

  None 

  ## Tests

  Just keep on testing

  ## Questions

  For any questions, please contact me at rlsjr2@live.com. You can also find more of my work at [DenimB96](https://github.com/DenimB96/).

Commit message:

Cleaned up some errors in Readme

README.md, after:

# ReadMe-Generator
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Description

  Create a command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package and node.js

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Link](#Link)
  - [Screenshot](#Screenshot)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Link
  
  https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MNXknR9DBtr2wSsyPgJ9h1-onAo4cjPl/view
  
  ## Screenshot
  
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/120414766/222623556-bb106e9f-6497-485d-a8c0-6c84d49d17c4.png)

  ## Installation

  Clone down repo and then run npm install to make sure packages have been installed

  ## Usage

 Open the command line and use 'node index'

  ## License

  This project is license under the MIT license. Click [here](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more information.

  ## Contributing 

  None 

  ## Tests

  Test by answering the user input prompts and compare entered data to generated Readme

  ## Questions

  For any questions, please contact me at rlsjr2@live.com. You can also find more of my work at [DenimB96](https://github.com/DenimB96/).
